docs/feature-map.md, before:




## Home Tab 
- Have a Sticy Button with a Plus Sign to Add Expense, or Income or Transfer, I will share the Screen, once a person clicks that then they will be able to quickly choose what they want to enter 

### Each Individual Card 

## Accounts Tab 
- Add Accounts are stored in this area
#TODO Ability to create Accounts Groups, during addition one has to specific the groups type, either its an Debit, Credit, or Asset. 
- Debit -- These adds to the Asset 
- Credit -- These add to the Liabilities 
- Assets -- These adds to the Assets 
- The Group has to be collapsable, with the total value of the Accounts inside 
- Under the Group, one can add a Particular Account that is associated with That group 

#TODO - Add an Ability to Change the Group of the Account on Edit, as long as the group are of similar type

#TODO - Ability to Delete a Group -- 

## Transaction Tab



# 1st Feb 

## TODO: 
- Impliment the ability Collapse the entire Expense and Income Sections, in the Home Tab
- Fix the Date and Date Dropdowns Looks abit wierd in the phones 
- Add the Capability to Edit the Income and Expense Categories 
- Add the Capability to Delete the Income and Expense Categories 


## Done 
- Remove the Monthly Budget from the top of the card as its not changed all the time., the Budget Should should be set separately
- Currently when you start typing the the pages zoom in and that is annoying just keep it simple 



# 31 - Jan 
- #TODO 
    - Ability to Delete an Account 

Done 
- #DONE - Create an Ability to Add Account Groups

Commit message:

implimented a color picker for the categories in the expense/ income categories

docs/feature-map.md, after:




## Home Tab 
- Have a Sticy Button with a Plus Sign to Add Expense, or Income or Transfer, I will share the Screen, once a person clicks that then they will be able to quickly choose what they want to enter 

### Each Individual Card 

## Accounts Tab 
- Add Accounts are stored in this area
#TODO Ability to create Accounts Groups, during addition one has to specific the groups type, either its an Debit, Credit, or Asset. 
- Debit -- These adds to the Asset 
- Credit -- These add to the Liabilities 
- Assets -- These adds to the Assets 
- The Group has to be collapsable, with the total value of the Accounts inside 
- Under the Group, one can add a Particular Account that is associated with That group 

#TODO - Add an Ability to Change the Group of the Account on Edit, as long as the group are of similar type

#TODO - Ability to Delete a Group -- 

## Transaction Tab




## TODO: 
- On Category Edit, Impliment a Modal, that also allows you to change the background color of the particular category
- Impliment a Cloud Backup, so that I don't have to remember backing up data all the time, user should sign in with their own storage, 
- Add the ability for deleting a transaction, also from the Accounts Page
- Implement the Ability to make the Categories Draggable, so that one can sort them how they want 
- 


## 2nd Feb
- Make the Add Expense/Income button to be on the Right, on the Individual Expense Category Card, in Home Page and Maybe Yellow, so that its very 
visible 




## 1st Feb 
- When you add a credit, you should specify which account to money should go to
- Add abit of Space between the Income and Expense Sections, so that they are abit distinct 
- Add an ability to create Credit under Credit Account
- Fix the Date and Date Dropdowns Looks abit wierd in the phones 
- Add the Capability to Edit the Income and Expense Categories 
- Add the Capability to Delete the Income and Expense Categories 
- Impliment the ability Collapse the entire Expense and Income Sections, in the Home Tab
- Remove the Monthly Budget from the top of the card as its not changed all the time., the Budget Should should be set separately
- Currently when you start typing the the pages zoom in and that is annoying just keep it simple 



# 31 - Jan 
- #TODO 
    - Ability to Delete an Account 

Done 
- #DONE - Create an Ability to Add Account Groups
